---
title: 'I survived SNOWVID-21 ðŸ¥¶'
date: '2021-02-19'
---

I made it out alive! And thus this blog was born!

Oh, boy! What a week this past week turned out to be for Texans! For the
uninformed, a massive, historic winter storm brought snow and single digit
temperatures to Texas! And by single digit i mean -2 degrees Fahrenheit(roughly
-18 degrees Celsius)! Such low temperatures were a first for me.

Texas suffered an infrastructure failure as power demand surged to an all time
high and the grids weren't able to keep up. Millions of folks lost power, water
and cellphone signal for almost a week.

I had recently come back from NYC to Austin to get my passport renewed and had
stocked up on supplies. I also filled up gas in my car when i heard about the
approaching blizzard. This is something i normally do out of habit every time i
hear or read about an impending weather calamity. In my mind i always think i
can drive out of harm's way if push comes to shove. I was fully prepped to
hunker down and ride this one out.

They say fortune favors the prepared mind - and how true this proved to be!
While millions of folks lost power and access to clean drinking water, i had no
such trouble. I never lost power, water or cellphone coverage.

I got some downtime from work as my managers encouraged everyone to take care of
themselves and their families first. I can't thank Adobe and the very thoughtful
leaders enough. I am so proud and incredibly grateful to be working for a
company with such values.

The first couple of days i binge watched Netflix and Amazon Prime. I also dusted
off the cobwebs from my PS4 and replayed Nathan Drake. I have been trying to
learn magic through YouTube Videos the last few months. I find it quite
interesting and think it would be a great ice breaker that i could use in the
future. I picked up a couple of very easy card tricks that i can't wait to try
on my niece once she's a little older. But all this got boring really fast.

For the longest time i have been meaning to pen down my thoughts. My motive
behind this is that at the ripe old age of 80 i would be able to look back at my
life and re-live some of the moments. So i got down to creating a personal blog
this past week! I am going to try updating this blog as often as i can!

If you read this - holler me! Promise I won't bite!

And if 80 year old Arjun is reading this - Congratulations old man! You made it
to 80!

...more to follow
